Hello, how about youtube friends?
Welcome once again to the channel
delta lumbar and well this time
we'll see a very quick tutorial it's about
how to download and install what is
the driver or driver for your control
xbox 360 in windows this tutorial applies
for all windows versions
from xp onwards or with this
controller we will be able to install from
most correct way to our 360 control
and in addition to a small application that
will help us to get help whether they are
mini headphones on your keyboard
control or on other devices
wireless controls obviously
ex from xbox
well we will go one of what is the
next well that in what the
description of the video I'm going to leave you
this link to be clicked from the
microsoft hardware page
and well here it gives us what it is
a great information to be able
download what is the driver and
well if you have it in Spanish this page
they only change from country to Spain or
mexico there is no problem in the system
operative you use if you do not know what
operating system you have only go
to my pc or equipment and properties of
system and I am doing it
and he tells me it's windows 7 and I also know
that the bit version in this case is
windows 7 of 64 to and check that this
software and driver and the language what
come down in Spanish or the language that you
prefer and only we would have to give
click on the download button
this tutorial to many will seem
very
very incoherent or very very bad because of
that once you connect your control to
what is windows 7 is installed so
correct but what is this driver
is also enable either what is the
port for the headphones so that
you can use on skype
also to be able to use the microphone
besides that it gives you a lot of help
for other wireless controls
well once downloaded what is this
the controller let's click
right or open
then we will come out what is the
window or the wizard as they say
here you can see what the terms are
License Agreement Software
let's click on accepted the contract
but check well if there are any
inconsistency or something they do not like
but generally we do not leave it to anyone
to right click on next
and either we are installing what is
the controller further our pc
is going to install the props I tell you
that gives us help for the devices
wireless wireless controls
also
and it's going to be a simple way to be able
optimize your xbox 360 control in
windows
or forgot to tell me here in what system
used can choose between
view or xp only check the version
have in this case the shit of
windows 7 64 bits
minimized that and has well installed
correctly the accessories software
microsoft xbox 360 this what is the
software accessories is an application
that I tell you that it only installs
we click on finalize
it's going to take a little bit here then leave
a video of how I did it to install
what is my 360 control in a way
incorrect would only connect by
middle of the usb port to our pc either
to the computer or to our laptop and well
friends, I hope you liked them
I hope you like it if you liked it
and see you next time bye
how